#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   svix
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cryptography==45.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via svix
django==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via svix
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
pillow==11.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via svix
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via svix
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
svix==1.67.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-deprecated==1.2.15.20250304
    # via svix
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via svix
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
